feat: add possibility to customize jinja environment (#2195)
litestar-org/litestar: docs/usage/templating.rst

    The ``directory`` parameter passed to :class:`TemplateConfig <litestar.template.TemplateConfig>`
    can be either a directory or list of directories to use for loading templates.

> Registering a custom template engine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registering a Custom Template Engine
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The above example will create for you a jinja2 Environment instance, but you can also pass in your own instance should you need more control over it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above example will create a jinja Environment instance, but you can also pass in your own instance.
```
